>>SEAN STONE: Have
the Old Ones returned?
Let's enter the Buzzsaw.
[THEME MUSIC]
>>SEAN: Welcome
to Buzzsaw, where
we cut through the
mainstream narrative
to explore the hidden truths.
I'm your host, Sean Stone, and
with me today is Walter Bosley.
He served as a
counterintelligence specialist
during the final years of
the Cold War for the FBI,
and as a Special Agent
with the Air Force.
In addition, he founded the Lost
Continent Library publishing
company, a small
press that specializes
in classic adventure
fiction, including
his own works,
"Empire of the Wheel"
and his most recent book, "Lost
in an MKULTRA House of Anu."
Today, he enlightens
us on his research.
So I want to start
by just asking you,
you know, who is Walter Bosley?
I mean, you have an
interesting father,
and I know he informed
you, to a certain extent,
of things that I
think helped influence
your own writing
career and research,
and your own interests.
So just tell me a bit about
what that background is.
>>WALTER BOSLEY: I'm
basically that 12-year-old kid
who went on to do
some pretty cool jobs,
and learned some amazing things,
and picked up some skills that
have really propelled
me in my research
and my personal interests.
From the time I
was a little kid,
my dad would tell me
stories about UFOs.
That was how the whole
flying saucer conversation
entered my life,
was from my dad,
from his interest and, of
course, his experiences.
And I never lost
interest in those things,
even though I was in that
national security career path.
And once I finished
that and came out of it,
I took all that I
learned from that
and decided to apply it to these
mysteries that had fascinated
me from childhood.
>>SEAN: But what did
your father know?
I mean, how did he
have these experiences?
>>BOSLEY: Well, that's a
really interesting story.
From the time I was
about 9 or 10 years old,
he started telling my sisters
and I about this experience
he'd had in the Air Force.
He worked in a
physiological training unit.
Now, what that is is
a unit that trains
pilots in the use of
their life support systems
at high altitudes.
They run them through
the altitude chambers,
and the pressure
suits, and all of that.
It's the part of the
ground schooling,
and part of the ground
training and maintenance
training for pilots.
And he was in in the
mid-to-late '50s, US Air Force.
And this also had him assigned
to retrieval-- crash retrieval
teams, which is a very
interesting topic in itself,
when you connect it
with the Air Force
and what we're
talking about here.
Well, he had been taken to
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
while he was on
another assignment.
And he and the guys in his unit
were briefed in on Roswell--
what, basically, had
really happened in Roswell.
At this time, it was
just 10 years prior.
And they were told what
it was, who it was.
And they were told
that it happened again
in eastern Arizona.
Now, this is 1958.
So from Wright-Patterson,
after they
were briefed in on Roswell
and this situation,
they were taken
to eastern Arizona
to, essentially, what was
an underground facility,
because another
craft had crashed,
just like at Roswell,
this time east
of Winslow, which I've
pinpointed around the Holbrook
area.
And the people who owned the
craft, the civilization that it
came from, had come to the
US Air Force for their help
to find their pilot,
because he was still alive,
and he was lost.
This was the story
that my dad had told me
from the time I was a kid.
So imagine that.
And I knew most of
this story before I
went to work for the FBI, before
I became an Air Force officer,
and so--
>>SEAN: So before I ask you what
the civilization is, or was,
that had sent the craft,
what kind of craft
are we talking about?
What was the-- sort
of the structure,
or the features of it?
>>BOSLEY: He didn't
describe that.
He didn't describe it.
All he would say--
he insisted all his life,
after he told the story,
that this craft was
piloted by human beings,
that what crashed at
Roswell were human beings.
He used to insist on that.
And whenever he'd hear the
stories about the gray aliens,
he would shake his head
and say, no, no, no.
They're covering for
something, or they're disinfo,
or whatever, because
that is not who
and what they retrieved
from even Roswell,
and again, not from this
situation in eastern Arizona.
But it was a craft of a
technology I would say parallel
to ours, because it came from
this parallel civilization
that he was told about.
>>SEAN: Right.
So the idea is that this
parallel civilization
are essentially-- are the
descendants of the Anunnaki,
that essentially were
supposed to have left,
but instead went underground, or
somewhere more hidden from us?
>>BOSLEY: It's-- he
was told that, indeed,
it was a civilization that, in
the very remote, ancient past,
there had been a surface
cataclysm on the earth.
And humanity had gone--
indeed, gone underground.
Some of them stayed and
developed their own technology,
their own civilization, and
wanted nothing to do with us.
In fact, that's one
of the things he
was told in the late '50s,
when their craft crashed
on the surface, was, look,
they want our help to find him.
But they really don't want
anything else to do with us.
I think that
actually, that might
have been a beginning
of a technology transfer
type of situation.
But when you talk about
the Anunnaki, in my view,
there are two
groups within that.
I think that when you're
talking about the ancient war
from the remote past, talked
about in the Mahabharata
and other ancient
sources, and it very often
talks about how a conflict
came to our planet--
these two warring factions.
And the defeated faction ends
up here, essentially chased here
by the victors.
They are both Anunnaki
in the sense that they
come from the Anunnaki
world or system,
but they are opposing factions
within their own civilization.
So in essence, what you have
are two Anunnaki factions
that have been messing
around in human history.
And the one which stayed
here and has initially
helped human civilization
advance, and such, and it
comes and it goes,
it stays hidden--
they would be the one
that, in my opinion,
is more friendly to us, because
they correspond to the--
in Irish mythology, there's
a group called the Tuatha De
Dananns, OK?
And when you read about
them, they come from the sky,
they have this old enemy that
also comes from somewhere else
that they have these
conflicts with,
and they pop up in other
mythologies around the world.
There's one theory
that they were
the mysterious megalith builder
civilizations in the Americas,
because then, when you go to
the Irish lore of the Tuathas,
you have them
returning to Ireland
after they've been away.
And when you dig into the inside
baseball on this civilization
and these people, you
begin to see similarities
in what my dad was told about
this secret civilization that's
been coexisting with us,
that he was told in the '50s.
I was familiar
with the lore, so I
was seeing the
similarities pop up
with what my dad had told me.
I was recognizing the
Tuatha De Dananns.
And I'm by no means the
first to recognize that,
because Jacques Vallee
has been talking
about this same group
for 30 years as a result
of his research
and investigations
into similar cases
and situations.
>>SEAN: So what role, then, does
MKULTRA and the House of Anu--
what mind control element is
there, involved in your story?
I mean, does it have to do
with the fact of how, perhaps,
these Anunnaki have
actually mind-controlled us,
or in some way controlled
our perception of reality?
Do we not see them
on a daily basis?
Or have they been able
to control our perceptors
so we can't see them, or if
they were showing themselves
in front of us, would we
see them as these beings?
>>BOSLEY: Right.
If you look at what has come
to be known as the fairy
lore, which really,
when you dig into it,
that's who these beings are.
There's something that
the fairy folk can do.
It's called glamory, OK?
When you see them, and they
don't want you to see them,
they have this ability to
shimmer themselves, make
themselves look different,
and actually wipe your memory.
What's interesting
about the fact
that we're talking about such
a civilization and a group
of people, a culture, mixed
in with my dad's story,
and the fact that you have the
MKULTRA element also there,
where did these guys really get
the MKULTRA concepts and ideas?
Because specifically as
it relates to my dad,
he was in the exact right
specialty in the Air Force
where this was being done.
He was in aerospace medicine.
And when I was doing the
research on Operation Paperclip
and MKULTRA, I would
just get goosebumps,
because I had no idea, even
after all the years my dad
had told me, when I
really dug into MKULTRA,
how at the heart of the
whole MKULTRA development
my dad would have been.
Because the one branch that
was most enthusiastic of the US
military on MKULTRA
things was the Air Force.
The Army did some
stuff, the Navy
did a little bit,
but the Air Force--
MKULTRA really turned them on.
And what's interesting is, when
the Church Committee brought
this all out publicly
in the '70s--
1973, I think-- that was
all CIA mind control stuff.
What the military did, and what
the Air Force specifically did
with this, because
they branched off
and did their own, that still,
to this day, remains a secret.
And there is a possibility, when
you dig into my dad's story,
that they had used the
MKULTRA methods to suppress
his memories of this,
essentially, retrieval
operation that went on
underground in eastern Arizona.
So that's how MKULTRA directly
applied, in my opinion,
to my dad's situation.
>>SEAN: Right, right.
So the idea is that the
MKULTRA could be used--
I mean, mind control
could be used to,
as you say, to wipe memories
or to suppress memories
that people would have had
of having UFO experiences,
or encounters, or retrievals.
But in his case, he didn't
seem to have been wiped.
He was clear on what
he remembered, no?
>>BOSLEY: Yes and no.
See, I was told by
a trustworthy source
that I had in the intelligence
community for years that--
he was the one who told me
that my dad's memories of what
happened in Arizona, during
this retrieval operation,
were suppressed.
And the suppression--
they used hypnosis, OK?
And the hypnosis was refreshed
every month of his life,
for the rest of his
life, decades afterwards,
because it was keyed to
the phases of the moon.
They had-- apparently, the Air
Force-- and this is something,
when you read in the MKULTRA
annals, they could never--
they had a hard
time figuring out,
how do we keep the
hypnosis refreshed?
Well, apparently, the
Air Force figured it out,
because I was told
every full moon,
it would be refreshed in
my dad's subconscious.
And it would be
pressed down further.
Now, over time, it
breaks down, of course.
And that is what happened.
Some of the more
astonishing details
came out as he got older
and as his health declined,
when he started having his
heart issues and such, you know.
It broke it down.
So in my opinion, based
on what I was told,
it was used to
suppress his memories.
>>SEAN: So this breakaway
civilization that
you're describing--
is this what you coin--
you don't really coin
the term, but you use
the term NYMZA to describe it.
Would you-- sort of the
Nameless Ones, right?
Is that the name for the
breakaway civilization
as you use it?
>>BOSLEY: Well, of course,
I think there are two.
NYMZA, that name comes
from Charles Dellschau,
the very interesting and
mysterious artist who
chronicled the equally
mysterious activities
of the Sonora Aero
Club in the 1850s.
He claimed that this group
in California in the 1850s,
that was playing
around with flying
machines and
anti-gravity technology,
if you can believe
it, that they were
under the aegis, the umbrella,
of the very shadowy NYMZA
organization,
headquartered in Germany.
Charles Dellschau
was the first guy
that introduced us all to--
the whole world to NYMZA.
He died in 1923, in his 90s.
In my research, as I've
tried to flesh out and find
the connection between
the Sonora Aero Club
and the Airship
Mysteries of the 1890s,
I did indeed find
where there certainly
was this German apparatus,
this German group, that
fit the bill to be this NYMZA
that Dellschau talks about,
and then is mentioned again
in the 1890s Airship Mystery.
>>SEAN: Well, could it
have been the Vril society,
what became of Vril society?
>>BOSLEY: NYMZA-- you've
got to look at it this way.
NYMZA first, right?
NYMZA, yes, would have
been the organization that
motivated the Vril society.
NYMZA would have been
the organization that
motivated the Thule society.
And yes, in my opinion, NYMZA
was behind the formation
of the Nazi party.
And NYMZA, to this day,
I think, still exists.
And on the face
of it, they would
be who we call the New World
Order, or the Illuminati.
You know, the
globalist guys that
want to kind of keep
everything under their control.
The Nazi International that
Joseph Farrell speaks about,
writes about a lot, would be,
definitely, a NYMZA apparatus.
>>SEAN: So the great Airship
Mystery of 1896, right?
That's reported
across the country
as various sightings of--
And what do people see?
Is it like planes in the sky?
Is it saucers?
What is it?
>>BOSLEY: Well, not
saucers, not planes.
Flying machines that weren't
exactly Zeppelins or blimps.
They might have
been cigar shaped,
but they had spinning parts,
flapping parts, in some cases.
In some cases, when you
read the descriptions,
it's almost kind of
comical, the description.
But in most of the
cases, you're looking
at a very mechanical
type device that's
using some type of
technology for the propulsion
and being able to
remain in the air,
in the sky, that was not a
Zeppelin or a dirigible, OK?
Because these things
moved way too fast.
And in some cases, the
witnesses were brought on board,
and they were told that
it was a technology that
used resonance, which is
interesting-- you know,
vibratory technology.
And it, in my opinion,
was the advanced version
of what the guys in
the 1850s were doing.
Theirs were very rudimentary.
They were-- many
of them just looked
like baskets with these
contraptions on them.
And then they did make
more advanced ones.
There's one right
there, as an example.
It was still kind of the Model
T, Jalopy version of what
was in the 1890s.
And it's really interesting--
a really interesting story,
when you see how it
does tie together.
>>SEAN: But at this point--
I mean, presumably,
the NYMZA, which
is a breakaway
civilization, they already
have highly advanced
craft, right?
So why would they-- why
would you see an evolution
in the craft that are being
designed and made by any subset
of the NYMZA group?
>>BOSLEY: Well, in
the 1890s, their craft
weren't any more
advanced than what
people were seeing in the
skies, because in the 1850s,
the level of advancement
that the NYMZA had was
what those guys were
doing-- these jalopies
that I'm talking about.
The NYMZA, as such,
as an organization,
yes, you see the development
of their technology
through the 19th century--
start at this rudimentary--
I have this chart that-- this is
where I get my Model T example
from--
where I show the
airship stuff and UFOs.
I show the Model--
I show a Model T car,
I show a '58 Buick,
and then I show a
1986 Porsche, OK?
And the Model T is
what Dellschau said
they were doing in the 1850s.
The Buick-- you know, compare
a '58 Buick to a Model T.
To us, a '58 Buick is
still an old car, right?
But compared to the
Model T, it's advanced.
Same with the 1890s airship.
Compare that to the Dellschau,
and that's like the Buick
to the Model T. And then
when you get to the S1 model,
for example, flying
saucer out at Area 51,
the silver, classic
flying saucer,
that's like what the '86 Porsche
was to the '58 Buick, right?
So you have to look at
the progression that way.
The NYMZA did not--
from my research,
and in my opinion,
what I've seen in my analysis--
the NYMZA did not get this
really advanced technology
like we're talking about
today until the post-World War
II era.
That's when that
really, really took off.
>>SEAN: So the NYMZA
themsleves are then
dependent on an alien factor.
The NYMZA, you're saying,
are not the alien--
the alien factor,
being, I'm saying,
Anunnaki alien,
being a race that's
ancient, that came--
that obviously
had tremendous technology.
>>BOSLEY: An ancient human race.
>>SEAN: Right,
ancient human race.
That's not the NYMZA.
The NYMZA are basically still
dependent on this other,
this more ancient race, to give
them access and information
to build the technology.
>>BOSLEY: I think
there's somebody--
yeah, there's
somebody behind NYMZA.
NYMZA is beholden to some
group or civilization, yeah.
I think so.
>>SEAN: And what
happened with 1903?
Apparently there was-- according
to some reports, there was,
by 1903, there had been--
humans had basically
gone to Mars, right?
And I think it was a report,
or a newspaper article,
that said that there had been
some level of transport that
had been taken to Mars.
>>BOSLEY: There is a theory,
based on some rumors.
And Sean Casteel is a guy
who's written a book about,
did Tesla go to Mars, OK?
And in this book, he talks about
the NYMZA and all these airship
groups that I talk, and that
we're talking about here.
And the theory is
that Tesla designed
one of these ships
for these guys
to attempt a flight to Mars,
a manned flight to Mars.
And the story goes that nobody
knows what happened to them.
They went, and never
heard from them again.
They never returned.
Now, the milieu in
which Casteel has
been able to point to
Tesla moving around
in with this airship group
are the same airship guys,
and people that turn up in the
1890s Airship Mystery, which
I personally link
to what I think
was the first American
black project, started right
after the Civil War.
But that's another story.
And this group, if
they successfully--
this is where my
theory comes in--
if this crazy, insane attempt
to go to Mars in 1903--
OK, we have to remember
how crazy as that sounds,
but when you have the context
of what I'm talking about here,
it's a little less crazy that
someone would attempt it.
But if they attempted
it, and survived,
and actually got there,
might they have said,
hey, wait a minute.
Look what we can do.
Why are we doing this stuff
for this government or that,
or whatever?
Why not just kind of
do it for ourselves?
Look what we found on Mars.
And by the age-old
law of exploration,
you know, they--
finders, keepers.
In those days, they
found it, it's theirs.
So huge speculation, a
gigantic if, but it's
very compelling when you look
at what's leading up to this.
And what's interesting
about this,
people say, well, what about
life support systems and such?
Well, there was a guy named--
his name was Oliver Heaviside,
and he had developed
this theory, gravity--
I always get it wrong.
It's called GEM, G-E-M,
Gravito-Electric Magnetics,
or whatever.
In essence, you apply this,
you can create a force field
around an object, OK?
And in that force
field, perhaps, you
could sustain life.
So if they were--
and Heaviside did his
stuff in the 1890s, OK?
So here we have 1903.
If they applied Heaviside's
theories to this airship
technology, they could have
put a protective bubble
around this ship that both
got them through the radiation
in space, the Van
Allen belts and such,
and also provided
whatever life support
they had to create the
oxygen, or whatever,
it also would protect
them from the hazards.
If, if, if speculation
all over the place, but--
>>SEAN: Right.
But so, if we go back to
the NYMZA and this question
of a breakaway civilization
that has the ability
to create spacecraft,
the ability
to create the craft that people
see in the sky in the 1890s,
and they're based in
Germany, why don't we
see Germany win the first
and second world wars?
>>BOSLEY: Ah.
I honestly don't have
an answer for that,
other than, again, if the
1903 attempt was successful,
that they were busy elsewhere.
They were choosing to,
for whatever reason,
they were absent, as
far as we can tell.
I honestly don't know that--
>>SEAN: Because
certainly, it's certain
that Vril's channeling
the designs for aircraft,
or the Nazis, and whatnot.
But again, none of this
gets applied, none of this
gets implemented during
the Second World War, so--
>>BOSLEY: Well, now,
the Germans, of course,
when you're talking
about the Vril,
you're talking
about the Germans.
They were putting those
eggs in the Bell basket.
So they were trying
to develop this stuff.
And I think they were getting--
I think they got the Bell
directly from the NYMZA,
because Dellschau, in
some of his drawings
from the late 1800s, draws one
of these craft from the 1850s,
and it literally has--
it's pictured in
there-- the Bell.
It's bell shaped.
It rotates, it does all
the things that Witkowski,
and Farrell, and everybody who's
written about the Bell talk
about the Bell doing.
And so actually,
the Germans were
trying to develop this
stuff during the war.
Again, the real question
is, this other group,
where the heck were they?
Now, again, let's go back to the
fact that they're a breakaway.
The very nature of a breakaway
is, we want to break away,
we're tired of
this, we don't want
any more part of our country,
or people, or whatever.
So maybe that was
their attitude.
That's what I
propose in my work,
is that they did not like the
direction the 20th century was
going, so maybe they
just chose to bow out.
>>SEAN: One of the
interesting things about Trump
is that, obviously,
he has German lineage.
And you've looked
into his ancestry
and the relationship
of, I think it
was his grandfather or
his great-grandfather,
to some aspect of the breakaway
civilization in the NYMZA?
What is that, now?
>>BOSLEY: Yes.
Gentleman Stephen Romano, who
is one of the authors of this
fantastic-- the best
book on Dellschau's art--
you can see all these aeros,
Dellschau called them.
And Romano's the guy that,
his gallery in New York
put that out.
And he contacted me
not too long ago,
pointing out that there was a
Trump in the Sonora arrow club.
And when you look
at Donald Trump,
and you see that his
great-grandfather came over
here from Germany at about
the right time, right
before the 1890s
Airship Mystery,
it's very intriguing, because
he comes from Germany.
There was a Homer
Trump in the airship
club in Sonora, California.
And there's even pictures that
Dellschau did of the design
that this Homer Trump gave.
It's got the Trump name on it.
And that's what's
interesting, is
these were done in the late
1800s, there's the Trump name.
But the connection, the
really significant connection,
is that Donald Trump's uncle,
who was an electrical engineer,
was the guy who, when
Nikola Tesla died--
Trump's uncle was the
guy who the FBI asked
to review Tesla's secret
papers, for whatever reason--
to see if there's anything
useful for national security,
because we were in the
middle of the war then.
And Trump's uncle comes
back, and the story
goes that he says, well, there's
some very interesting concepts
here, but you know,
nothing that's going to--
that you can apply right now.
That's what we're told.
>>SEAN: Right, right.
>>BOSLEY: OK, but we know a lot
of those papers disappeared.
And so that man's
nephew goes on to become
this billionaire-- successful
billionaire construction
magnate, and now president
of the United States.
And from my perspective--
and that's why Stephen Romano
had tipped me off to this.
He goes, hey, take
a look at this.
To me, that was a
bombshell, because,
from my perspective
of the influence
and the power that these
breakaways appear to have,
it's no surprise, then.
>>SEAN: Right, but don't we
already know that breakaways
have a relationship--
I mean, do they ultimately--
would you say that the breakaway
civilization ultimately has
elements within our
government, or do
they simply have
their own agenda,
and occasionally
they crash land here,
and the US government
has to go and grab--
grab their crashed
UFOs and retrieve them,
and occasionally they give us
technology to back-engineer.
But what would the
deal ultimately be,
and what would the ultimate--
as far as you understand--
the relationship between,
for example, the US government
and this breakaway civilization
we're talking about--
what would it ultimately
look like, do you think?
>>BOSLEY: Well, if you're
talking about the NYMZA,
relationship between the
US government and the NYMZA
would be what we've had.
It's called the military
industrial complex.
Particularly from
the neo-conservative,
the neo-con perspective, that's
what it would look like--
an almost fascistic obsession
with, keep the complex going.
So keep the wars going, keep--
again, you go back to the 1850s
with the Sonora Aero Club,
and the NYMZA back
then wanted these guys
to turn these into war machines.
And the guys doing this were--
no, they refused.
They go, we don't want to turn
these things into war machines.
But the German organization--
that's what they wanted.
And same thing
post-World War II.
Hey, we'll help you
with your technology.
Between what we've developed
and what we've been given access
to, we'll help you.
But this is what you need to do.
And you know, I
think the history--
the post-World War II history of
the military industrial complex
has been covered a lot.
I think a lot of people see
what that manifestation is.
>>SEAN: Right, so you
would say it's not
at all an understatement
to say that the US
government and the powers that
be have access to technology
that's probably anywhere
from 20 to 30 years
ahead of what we everyday
people are given?
>>BOSLEY: Oh, sure, sure.
I think that even stuff
that our guys develop,
who are not part of this secret
deal, that are engineers--
you know, aviation technology
and other technology, too.
I come from the
aviation perspective,
having been Air Force.
They've always said, that's
always 20 years ahead
of what you know about, is the
fastest, highest-flying thing.
But particularly with this
breakaway stuff, yeah.
And I would say 30
years is a good median.
In some cases, it might
be 50 years ahead.
But I wouldn't put it that--
too much beyond that ahead,
because otherwise, I think
they would be more open.
I think they would come out
and just be more tyrannical,
out in the open.
>>SEAN: Well, that does beg
the final question, which
is, the breakaway civilization
you've studied, now,
synchronicity-- you've
studied the esoteric
and the occult nature of a lot
of the power structures, right?
The alien history--
what do you think
the goal of the breakaway
civilization ultimately is?
I mean, are they using
humans for a specific end?
Do they not care about humans,
they have their own agenda?
>>BOSLEY: Yes to all
of that, absolutely.
They do have their own agenda.
They are using us.
I think it varies.
They'll use us as slaves
when it suits them.
They'll use us as sources
of a certain type of energy.
I think what has happened
is, the human breakaway--
the one that I use the NYMZA
label on, who I call the bad
guys, so to speak--
I think they've
allied themselves
with a very old, old
civilization, an old Elder One,
so to speak, as Lovecraft
likes to call them.
And this is where they get the
more esoteric, more nefarious
uses of the more full, broad
spectrum of reality, where
the occult and these unseen
forces, type of things,
come into play.
And they're not
shy about using it.
Again, they don't-- you
know, they're elitists.
They are true elitists.
And they'll use that
stuff on whoever
and whatever to
justify their agenda.
>>SEAN: So do you think that
your research can ultimately
help people to understand the
world they live in better?
>>BOSLEY: I hope so.
I hope what it helps do is
identify players, and help
the people be able to
better read what's going on.
There's so much out there
that it's just so complex,
and they keep coming at
us and keeping it complex,
that sometimes it's hard
to keep the scorecard.
And I hope what I'm
doing, just kind
of starting with a
historical perspective--
because that's the other
thing I'm hoping to do,
is show people that this
whole breakaway thing did not
start with World War II, OK?
It goes farther back than that.
And I think that's
what I've found--
and others, that's what
Dellschau was saying,
that's what everybody who's
written about the Airship
Mystery--
I think that's
what we're saying,
is it goes back farther.
>>SEAN: Yeah, deeper.
Thank you so much,
Walter, for joining me.
>>BOSLEY: Oh, thanks
for having me on.
I appreciate it.
>>SEAN: Absolutely.
It's a pleasure.
And there you have it, folks.
Some fascinating insights
from Walter Bosley.
You may not agree with or
believe everything said here
today, but I urge you
to check out his work
at
empireofthewheel.blogspot.com,
as well as his new book, "Lost
in an MKULTRA House of Anu."
Remember the road to
truth is a perilous path
along the buzzsaw's edge and
requires constant reassessment.
I'm your host, Sean Stone.
You are the revolution.
[THEME MUSIC]